i like the red cat in the blue kitchen but we prefer the green dog so we eat the fish, and the nineth boy is taller than the mother of Grégoire. The man burns the turtle and stop it, because the pink woman is beautiful, but i prefer the dog because, once upon a time when the cat is away the mice will play and make yourself at home and it is very how boring and it’s brand new because never say die. So, i am looking the computer when i burn the green elephant and the brown giraffe on monday with my aunt and we will play at the game when she will burn the paper.

the red blue green white black american cat and the blue orange boy in the pink kitchen.


how boring and you like the fish and when the cat is away the mice will play how boring you like the dog never say die mother of cat.

once upon a time you like the cat and how boring the cat and the dog like the man

In 1962 American ferret aircraft discovered middle- and long-range missiles in Cuba, which were able to reach the United States. This stoked fear of an atomic conflict. At that time information systems had centralised network architecture. To avoid breakdown in an attack, a decentralised network architecture had to be developed which in case of loss of a node would still be operative. Communication still used to work through radio waves. That would have caused problems in case of an atomic attack. The ionosphere would be affected and the long wave wouldn't work any more. Therefore they had to use direct waves which, however, don't have a long range. A better solution was the model of a distributed network. Thus long distances could be covered with a minimum of interference.

The mathematics curriculum that we have is based on foundation of arithmetic and algebra. And everything we learn after that is building up towards one subject. And at top of that pyramid, it's calculus. And I'm here to say that I think that is the wrong summit of the pyramid ... that the correct summit -- that all of our students, every high school graduate should know -- should be statistics: probability and statistics.


I think if our students, if our high school students -- if all of the American citizens -- knew about probability and statistics, we wouldn't be in the economic mess that we're in today. Not only -- thank you -- not only that . [but] if it's taught properly, it can be a lot of fun. I mean, probability and statistics, it's the mathematics of games and gambling. It's analyzing trends. It's predicting the future. Look, the world has changed from analog to digital. And it's time for our mathematics curriculum to change from analog to digital. From the more classical, continuous mathematics, to the more modern, discrete mathematics. The mathematics of uncertainty, of randomness, of data -- and that being probability and statistics.


The novels revolve around Harry Potter, an orphan who discovers at the age of 11 that he is a wizard, who lives within the ordinary world of non-magical people, known as Muggles. The wizarding world is secret from the Muggle world, presumably to avoid persecution of witches and wizards. His ability is inborn, and such children are invited to attend an exclusive magic school that teaches the necessary skills to succeed in the wizarding world. Harry becomes a student at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, and it is here where most of the events in the series take place. As Harry develops through his adolescence, he learns to overcome the problems that face him, magical, social and emotional, including ordinary teenage challenges such as friendships, infatuation and exams, and the greater test of preparing himself for the confrontation in the real world that lies ahead.


Harry's first contact with the wizarding world is through a half-giant, Rubeus Hagrid, keeper of grounds and keys at Hogwarts. Hagrid reveals some of Harry's history. Harry learns that as a baby he witnessed his parents' murder by the power-obsessed Dark wizard Lord Voldemort, who then attempted to kill him also. For reasons not immediately revealed, the spell with which Voldemort tried to kill Harry rebounded. Harry survived with only a lightning-shaped scar on his forehead as a memento of the attack, and Voldemort disappeared afterwards. As its inadvertent saviour from Voldemort's reign of terror, Harry has become a living legend in the wizarding world. However, at the orders of the venerable and well-known wizard Albus Dumbledore, the orphaned Harry had been placed in the home of his unpleasant Muggle relatives, the Dursleys, who kept him safe, but hide his true heritage from him in hopes that he would grow up "normal".


Among domestic cats, males are more likely to fight than females. Among feral cats, the most common reason for cat fighting is competition between two males to mate with a female. In such cases, most fights are won by the heavier male. Another common reason for fighting in domestic cats is the difficulty of establishing territories within a small home. Female cats also fight over territory or to defend their kittens. Neutering will decrease or eliminate this behavior in many cases, suggesting that the behavior is linked to sex hormones.


Caloboletus calopus, known as the bitter beech bolete, is a fungus of the bolete family, found in Asia, Northern Europe and North America. Appearing in coniferous and deciduous woodland in summer and autumn, the stout mushrooms are attractively coloured, with a beige to olive cap up to 15 cm (6 in) across, yellow pores, and a reddish stalk up to 15 cm (6 in) long and 5 cm (2 in) wide. The pale yellow flesh stains blue when broken or bruised. Christian Persoon first described Boletus calopus in 1801. Modern molecular phylogenetics has shown that it is only distantly related to the type species of Boletus, and it was placed in a new genus as the type species of Caloboletus in 2014. It is not an edible mushroom, rendered unpalatable by its intensely bitter taste, which does not disappear with cooking. Its red stalk distinguishes it from edible species such as Boletus edulis.



Paris was the centre of an explosion of philosophic and scientific activity known as the Age of Enlightenment. Diderot and d'Alembert published their Encyclopédie in 1751-52, and the Montgolfier Brothers launched the first manned flight in a hot-air balloon on 21 November 1783, from the gardens of the Château de la Muette. Paris was the financial capital of continental Europe, the primary European centre of book publishing, fashion, and the manufacture of fine furniture and luxury goods. In the summer of 1789, Paris became the centre stage of the French Revolution. On 14 July, a mob seized the arsenal at the Invalides, acquiring thousands of guns, and stormed the Bastille, a symbol of royal authority. The first independent Paris Commune, or city council, met in the Hôtel de Ville and, on 15 July, elected a Mayor, the astronomer Jean Sylvain Bailly.


Paris is located in northern central France. By road it is 450 kilometres (280 mi) south-east of London, 287 kilometres (178 mi) south of Calais, 305 kilometres (190 mi) south-west of Brussels, 774 kilometres (481 mi) north of Marseille, 385 kilometres (239 mi) north-east of Nantes, and 135 kilometres (84 mi) south-east of Rouen. Paris is located in the north-bending arc of the river Seine and includes two islands, the Île Saint-Louis and the larger Île de la Cité, which form the oldest part of the city. The river's mouth on the English Channel (La Manche) is about 233 mi (375 km) downstream of the city, established around 7600 BC. The city is spread widely on both banks of the river. Overall, the city is relatively flat, and the lowest point is 35 m (115 ft) above sea level. Paris has several prominent hills, the highest of which is Montmartre at 130 m (427 ft). Montmartre gained its name from the martyrdom of Saint Denis, first bishop of Paris, atop the Mons Martyrum, "Martyr's mound", in 250.



La dent de Crolles est un sommet du département français de l'Isère s'élevant à 2 062 mètres d'altitude dans le massif de la Chartreuse, dans les Alpes. Elle domine à l'est la ville de Crolles et la vallée du Grésivaudan, à moins d'une heure de Grenoble. Elle est constituée de calcaire et parcourue par un important réseau karstique, qui attire la curiosité de Henri Ferrand dès le tournant du xixe au xxe siècle ; son exploration en fait la cavité naturelle la plus profonde connue au monde de 1944 à 1953. Il est recherché des spéléologues, avec de nombreuses traversées souterraines possibles. La source du Guiers Mort, sur le versant septentrional de la montagne, est la résurgence de ce réseau. L'ascension de la montagne, généralement effectuée depuis le col du Coq, ne présente pas de difficulté en randonnée pédestre. Depuis les années 1920, le nombre de voies d'escalade s'est considérablement accru.


Le squelette du chien compte environ trois cents os (soit environ quatre-vingts de plus qu'un squelette humain adulte), le nombre étant variable d'une race à l'autre. Malgré sa domestication et la dépendance à l'homme qui en découle, le chien a gardé sa musculature athlétique qui en fait un animal sportif et actif. Il possède un thorax large et descendu, et des pattes qui ne reposent au sol que par leur troisième phalange. Le chien est donc un digitigrade. Les membres antérieurs comportent cinq doigts, dont l'un, le pouce, nommé ergot, est atrophié et ne touche pas le sol. Les postérieurs en comptent généralement quatre, l'ergot n'existant que chez certaines races mais pouvant être double chez quelques bergers (beauceron, briard). Les cinq orteils se terminent par des griffes et sont soutenus par des coussinets plantaires.


Dear readers, We'll get right to it: This week we ask readers in France to help Wikipedia. To protect our independence, we'll never run ads. We're sustained by donations averaging about €10. Only a tiny portion of our readers give. Now is the time we ask. If everyone reading this right now gave €2, our fundraiser would be done within an hour. That's right, the price of a cup of coffee is all we need. If Wikipedia is useful to you, please keep it online and ad-free. We're a small non-profit with costs of a top website: servers, staff and programs. We serve millions of readers, but we run on a fraction of what other top sites spend. Wikipedia is something special. It is like a library or a public park where we can all go to learn. Wikipedia is written by a community of volunteers with a passion for sharing the world’s knowledge. Please help us end the fundraiser and improve Wikipedia. Thank you.


The news of the new red alert was greeted with exasperation and worry among Chinese citizens. Beijing resident Cheng Xianke expressed concern for the health of the elderly and children. He told Reuters: "For us who commute to work it's not so bad but still I'm very concerned about the pollution. I think the government needs to put more effort into solving this." Another resident, Fan Xiaoting, told the news agency that the alert would affect school teaching timetables: "We are paying close attention as to whether stopping the classes will have further implications." Online, many netizens questioned the government's efforts to combat pollution. "I really don't know what the government is doing? It can predict the smog but not take the appropriate measures beforehand, rather it's letting the smog harm citizens," said Weibo user Beijingpuer. Coal-powered industries and heating systems - in heavy use during the cold Beijing winter - are major contributors to the smog.


zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra zebra
